for the educational portion of our show
as you know la has a football team again
the Rams are back and there's a player
on the Rams named William Hayes who
there are two interesting things about
we and one is he believes in mermaids
and the others he does not believe in
dinosaurs for real he thinks dinosaurs
are a hoax cooked up by I don't some
very rascally archaeologists I don't I
don't know but I decided to take William
on a field trip to the LA Natural
History Museum where they have all sorts
of dinosaur bones and here is my
dinosaur day with William Hayes so how
old were you when you realized you
didn't believe in that ten ever really
played I never that's enough so even as
a little kid when you were learning
about dinosaurs you didn't believe I
don't have a big imagination listen I
think skepticism is a good quality to
have I think we should challenge the
things were expected to believe okay I
mean not necessarily to this extent but
let's take a look around and see what
you think about about
that this doesn't move you in any way
absolutely not
what do you think these are like clay in
this play I don't know hey are you doing
hi good morning hi hi my name is Daniel
I'm an educator here for the night race
for Museum oh we need you please
well Gabby met people who don't believe
in dinosaurs before yeah every now and
then we don't get people who don't
believe in are you able to persuade them
that Dennis was real I give the facts
and some of my personal experience with
Oh your personal experiences as man as
anymore as in actually going out and
digging for dinosaurs
you've never dug up a down so for I
don't know yes I where are you Tom if
Daniel is pictures will you believe we
absolutely not no please this is a
little day where did those done so that
would probably put in there you think
somebody planted the bones under the
ground and they knew exactly where to go
get in front I don't know about that um
well yeah of course you don't know
you're the one who is tricked the fossil
- I jog up personally actually found
using a jackhammer
and I don't think anybody can believe it
yeah I reckon you do man st. Jack and
was before yeah here we have our t-rex
skull and it is one of the most complete
t-rex skulls ever found so those the
real teeth from love - yeah the lower
jaw is pretty complete if you take a
look in between the cracks we put in
things like clay and glue to hold it
together so you're saying this is a lot
of a lot of this is clay not a lot well
but a lot of this ended up too
when a bone gets covered in mud that mud
would Harden and then water will come in
through the cracks and replace the bone
with minerals and what you're left was a
natural replica so that's a real
dinosaur bone this is a natural copy
basically a fossil to come okay yeah how
many people are involved in the scam
Daniel it would be why it's hard for
people to believe that these animals did
exist at one point somebody knows seen
but also because they're just ridiculous
in science
I have a class Oh is he yeah what about
Pokemon are those real mermaids
yeah what about mermaids we haven't
found any evidence of mermaids so far
you know you do believe in resolute why
do you believe in mermaids but not
dinosaurs exactly like isn't like a a
large body of water we haven't like you
know discover we find different species
in what everyday so right who's to say
that money can't be that man she you
believe in the possibility of her
reveals yeah I'm not in mermaids
themselves absolutely would you have sex
with a mermaid it's just bad enough yeah
Erin I get it - would you have sex with
a dinosaur no Marley I love them you
know I will not have sex with the
dinosaur okay glad we established this
let's keep going right here we have a
struthiomimus along with an ostrich and
a goose so we're berge dinosaurs birds
are dinosaurs
yeah they rule look when we looked at
the fossils we all know not we y'all
look at the process yeah great I hailed
on us Alan for you and your friends what
that are involved in this conspiracy
so a giraffe a done so is it your
appetizer draft is not a dynasty ever
see the movie Jurassic Park
mark scribe would love to so here we are
at the age of mammals exhibit mammals
aren't dinosaurs right no they are not
they were here when dinosaurs were here
so start up right here if you'd like
pakicetus a talky but pakicetus a
talking pakicetus
at uh Kishida shiitake - you - does it
remind you of any animal looks like a
dog or an anteater or somehow it's
actually the ancient ancestor of modern
day cetaceans or whales dolphins and
porpoises that's a welcome home it's not
a whale I hail nothing no will that was
not you have that boat enough look you
got to redo this there's a tool that
missed him that no no way
what's that right there oh no whoa
Daniel this is our D and he is the
earliest species that would have walked
up right so doesn't this this must be a
human right is that it's not a monkey
it's a human key it's a human it is an
ancient ancestor of humans
so according you would come from monkeys
no he's saying we come from human keys
that's a horse
we had horses here during the last ice
age and so but I'd like it to be a
unicorn with the tasting eyes knows you
believe in unicorns
Dadu now see we are centerpiece
the growth series of t-rex now these
look real to me
and most of them are original except for
the baby the baby's a complete replica
so see that's part of the rob tackle it
see now this is part of the problem
though when he put fake dinosaurs in
here confuses William and now he doesn't
know what to believe this is a real
skeleton this is a puppet how do we know
that's real we actually how do I know
that you're real
can I feel your beard you can it does
feel real feels pure yeah I think I need
to sit down for a minute because this is
a lot to take in this has not changed
your mind at all yeah absolutely has it
has changed yeah oh here's they change
my mind but like my base is just not in
the water now there could be like this
only
oh this is if anything this has brought
you closer to a belief in mermen
absolutely all right so my my search for
Ariel is like even as a testified even
more now I appreciate that thanks Danny
[Applause]
most sincere apologies for Daniel Daniel
has to be transferred to the butterfly
exhibit at position hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
if you enjoyed the video hit subscribe
and if you don't click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die